add a "delegated attestation" use case (#10)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-uccs: draft-ietf-rats-uccs.md

Claim, and this statement does not apply to UCCS nested into UCCS, only to
fully formed CWTs)

### Delegated Attestation

Another use case is that of an attesting environment that has no signing keys (for example, to keep the implementation complexity to a minimum) and has a secure channel - typically, a local IPC - with a "parent" attesting environment.

> The "child" attesting environment creates a UCCS with the required claims-set and sends it through the secure channel to the parent attester which, in turn, computes a cryptographic hash and protects it using its signing key, for example using a Detached EAT Bundle ({{Section 5 of -eat}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another use case is that of a sub-Attester that has no signing keys (for example, to keep the implementation complexity to a minimum) and has a secure channel, such as a local IPC, to interact with a lead Attester (see Composite Device {{Section 3.3 of -rats}}).
The sub-Attester produces a UCCS with the required claims-set and sends the unprotected claims-set through the secure channel to the lead Attester which, in turn, computes a cryptographic hash of the claims-set and protects that hash using its signing key for Evidence, for example, using a Detached EAT Bundle ({{Section 5 of -eat}}).
```

Claim, and this statement does not apply to UCCS nested into UCCS, only to
fully formed CWTs)

### Delegated Attestation

> Another use case is that of a sub-Attester that has no signing keys (for example, to keep the implementation complexity to a minimum) and has a secure channel, such as a local IPC, to interact with a lead Attester (see Composite Device, {{Section 3.3 of -rats}}).

Reviewer 2: SPDM connected components over a system bus such as MCTP is another concrete example

Author: Arm CCA attestation in "direct" mode another.
